GumBumBot Algorithm:

Aggressive bot

Reinforcement: The bot will find the weakest country, the country it owns that is most outnumbered by the enemies' adjacent countries
If it can't find any country bordering an enemy then it will choose a random one of its countries bordering a neutral to reinforce.
If it owns a certain proportion of continents (49% of Australia and South America, 70% of others) and the remaining countries not owned by the bot are outnumbered 4 to 1 
by the countries the bot owns bordering them + the bots remaining unplaced reinforcements, the bot will put all its units in one of the bordering countries. Aggressive continent taking strategy.

Neutral Unit Placement: Finds the neutral country which borders the most of the enemie's countries and the least of the bot's countries

Card Exchange: The bot exchanges cards whenever it has 3 cards it can exchange.

Battle: Gets all possible attacks and with that finds all attacks with probability of 50% or greater. 
Then adds to those probabilities based on 2 factors: Whether the defending country of an attack is neutral or not.
If the attack success will lead to a large enough proportion of a continent being taken.
This effectively weights the attacks based on how much of an advantage it will give the bot in the game.

Defense: Always defends with the most units possible

Move In: Always moves in all units possible

Fortify: The bot's country with the most units, that is surrounded by other bot owned countries, will have its units moved towards the countries that border different continents. 
If there are no countries that are surrounded by bot owned countries, then the bot will check which of its countries are most in danger, 
it does this by finding which of its countries are adjacent to the highest threat enemy country (enemy country with the most units that borders a bot country), 
the bot moves half the units available from a neighbouring country to the country adjacent to the highest threat enemy country. 
If the bot is unable to move at least 1 unit from one country to another, then it will skip fortifying.

